Trusted Publishers for All Package Repositories (#43)
ossf/wg-securing-software-repos: docs/index.md

* [Build Provenance for All Package Registries](https://repos.openssf.org/build-provenance-for-all-package-registries) - July 2023
  > Guidance for package registries in adopting build provenance to verifiably link a package back to its source code and build instructions.

> * [Trusted Publishers for All Package Repositories](https://repos.openssf.org/trusted-publishers-for-all-package-registries) - July 2024

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Trusted Publishers for All Package Repositories](https://repos.openssf.org/trusted-publishers-for-all-package-repositories) - July 2024
```

>   > Guidance for package registries in adopting Trusted Publishers to authenticate with package repositories from hosted build environments without using long-lived credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > Guidance for package repositories in adopting Trusted Publishers to authenticate publishing from hosted build environments without using long-lived credentials.
```
